hi sorry you should have seen something
is today's video about being insecure
in other subjects doan make up
usually a shoplog etcetera why
because it is something that I do quite a lot
suffer and I really had last week
just a dip
that I was incredibly uncertain and whole
very sad and really a base one
kind
almost breaks i really gotta have it
heard of
who am I, and I do no one goes
more like nobody likes me like
what i do and yes i'll be just as whole
very dark in gloom
luckily I am on top of that again
actually come through a few simple ones
things and here still really okay
I want to make a video about this because
the moment I felt so bad I felt
it really just didn't see a real one anymore
even thought yes how did I ever get here
out again
so hence today uncertain video
to be
no can be uncertain about a lot
I do things to be uncertain about you
For example, appearance but also your
so how smart you are how good you are
doing at work at school
also in the future i think there often
become uncertain by others
certainly because of comments from others
when you are not completely comfortable in you
skin
or you can see that in your sensitive place
that others tell us something
fool or product other
intense saying from goh what are you
arrived or hey how are you going there
your education to sit some
future, you can go into career
find out later and I think that's why
a kind of blue can
develop if you hear it more often
it becomes none with a bruise
that is pretty tight on your skin
was all people of
say something like that again you will be hit
on that bruise but on a blue one
spot bruises can also go away
and how am I going to leave now
also important because if someone has something
says what makes you unsure how am I doing this
say i find very hard to be correct
find a word
do you know if someone says something about you
weight then that is something i care about it
very entertaining I need a arrived and
everyone could do that
but I am more focused than that
when people judge mine on mine
weight something unsure about then
says a lot more about him than about me
and that is easy to say
if I'm 10 times harder to make too
say yet no less fun
but that should not be less nice
doesn't make me any less smart
on the one hand i think you shouldn't see it
you let him happiness depend on others
so actually you need something as someone
rock really where you're uncertain of that
you don't attract it but if you do it anyway
is doing
because we are all people i would
want to be able to say that it is not me
but it certainly does if
it is something that is already sensitive
do you think you say anything else there
must fight over and that's all greasy
Dear reactions that have received all
comments that you do take good care of it
Remember that and I know it's super
easy is said and much harder
done i also know i have one on
response to is what touches me true
I am unsure about it then remember that
reaction she had opposite a lot
good response
And that's why I think we have another one
wrong idea is that if someone has something
sweet says someone say something from you
simple
thank you the top you come with a group me
good at write it down
take a picture of it take screenshot
make a kind of folder on your computer
for example there on your phone with that
things that make you feel good again
that is not really possible
has been focused on you but the can
for example also something else I would be there
a striker he a ted also a youtube
video then also be an article in one
magazine
if this is what gives you a positive boost
gives you confidence again
give effe the kik that you work in it
so you feel stuck here when you
you just have a feeling of happiness there
in its importance so save and save
put them on your computer
macro photo of so you can watch them
at the weaker moment I really whole
be very uncertain about what i do what i do
last week for example I had known
not exactly what word came i was on
that moment just more sensitive and then
every response comes as a blow
then I heard something very simple too
I often heard but only now realized
I think so yes I have to do that
and that is what you pay attention to that
grows and
I had never looked at it like me
watch it now but if so I all
attention
so i might read times i reply
it grows which I feel to
much better by quickly that I all
negative reactions then give attention
grows day then I feel spent there
rot and rot
then shouldn't do that should be just one
give more positive attention because then
so that what I just said is growing
someone to compliment you
write it down make sure I remember it
I give it to thought and then it grows and
then hopefully that will keep you better
then remember those those negative things
that rotten comments where uncertain of
and that is something simple and I have
of this that I have to much earlier
understand
because I just notice now that I have it
use since a few days that it
it really works and i put the jsf number in one
good flow is band on the positive
reactions I will respond and there I am
super happy with it you can also see it as
someone gives you a compliment
sincere course one returns but also
thank you, you know that is too
give attention and grows through and as well
someone who really proudly really try
shrug your shoulders and like me in
the best video said what i still have
how is making a tree around me and it
sounds like, but it works for me
so if someone says something god
you make it all around you you map it
stop paying attention and try
to the good things I like to positive ones
stuff
I also often know that uncertainty a lot
is harder than this,
and I know there are people out there
really much more bothered than me
for example, really had a lot of problems
from and when cried puberty was then
it's actually about right but I know
that that does not apply to everyone now
have more showers but we are
simply people who he insecure
to be
which can make me sad because of me
sometimes you see that they had someone
off and then I think you know
it just doesn't have to be and at all
it's super easy said I want you
we really know that you just give this to us
all suffer from it is
All of us are more concerned than the one
others
where I
among women who are not unsure mano
than me from
I also think they have their little uncertain
to have
I hope this video is helpful
been
yes again I have made a wish but
I find it pretty hard to do everything right
for the
so i hope you have had something to me
want to thank unwise for watching and
if you have any questions or if you have one
want to see a different kind of video
suggestions please leave below
know
do my best to read everything and
as much as possible because I think
I very important and that is this and for
this Sunday and I would love to see you
next Sunday again with a new one
video
until Thursday anyway